Update welcome-to-linux directory (#5)
security-summer-school/essentials-security: chapters/scratch-linux/welcome-to-linux/drills/tasks/jumbled/README.md

# Challenge: Jumbled

> The flag you're given in `activities/jumbled/public/flag` does contain the actual flag, but not quite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag you're given in `/jumbled/support/flag` does contain the actual flag, but not quite.
```
